Update log6x-quickstart-opentelemetry.adoc (#92604)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/log6x-quickstart-opentelemetry.adoc

To configure OTLP ingestion and enable the OpenTelemetry data model, follow these steps:

.Prerequisites
* You have access to an {product-title} cluster with `cluster-admin` permissions.

> * You installed the {oc-first}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have installed the {oc-first}.
```

Reviewer: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#prerequisites

====

.Verification

> * Verify that OTLP is functioning correctly by going to *Observe* -> *OpenShift Logging* -> *LokiStack* -> *Writes* in the OpenShift web console, and checking *Distributor - Structured Metadata*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To verify that OTLP is functioning correctly, complete the following steps:
.. In the OpenShift web console, click *Observe* -> *OpenShift Logging* -> *LokiStack* -> *Writes*.
.. Check the *Distributor - Structured Metadata* section.
```

Reviewer: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-procedures#introducing-the-procedure

Author: Committing the suggestion.
